Add a draft CoC (Contributor Covenant v1.4.1) (#11)
prestodb/tsc: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

  professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies when
an individual is representing the project or its community in public spaces.
Examples of representing a project or community include using an official
project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting
as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of
a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be

> reported by contacting the project team at [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS]. All

Reviewer: @brianwarner can you create a codeofconduct@prestodb.io

Author: Sure, I've created this list: codeofconduct@lists.prestodb.io

This is a list with private archives, and the only members will be the moderation team responsible for reviewing code of conduct reports.  In order to mail this list with a report directly, a submitter must already be a member of at least one PrestoDB mailing list.  Any mails sent to the list by non-members will be held until a moderator can confirm they aren't spam, and forward them to the team.  This is all described on the list's main page: https://lists.prestodb.io/g/codeofconduct

```suggestion
reported by contacting the project team at [codeofconduct@lists.prestodb.io](codeofconduct@lists.prestodb.io). All
```
